console: restore partial support for foreign tables (fix #4714) (#4742)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- console: avoid count queries for large tables (#4692)
- console: add read replica support section to pro popup (#4118)
- console: allow modifying default value for PK (fix #4075) (#4679)

> - console: re-enable partial support for foreign tables

Reviewer: why is it "partial"?

Author: Because there never was explicit support for foreign tables in the console. They were misclassified as views, meaning several features of the console never worked with them. It was kind of an "accidental support", in a way. This PR restores this, but doesn't go any further.

Reviewer: Ah I see.

> - console: re-enable partial support for foreign tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- console: re-enable foreign tables to be listed as views in console
```
